enoügh to stand for a clöse-quarter
combat, at. some places. Z. fresh division, the Sth, brought up to relieve the
44ch, and battalions“of the 17th Reserve, also contributed to thie number
of prisoners. Nearly a tliousand were
collected on the Fourth Army's front
during the early hours of the morning.
General Horne's First Army, astride
the Scheldt, is at tlie very edge of Valenciennes. It has occupied La Sentinelle and Saint-Waast-Haut, west of
the town, and Beuvrages, on the west
bank of the river aboreit. The forest
of Raismes, three miles north of Valenciennes, has been évacuated by the
enem.
Civilians found. by our advaneing
forces in the villages west of Valenciennes have had au unpieasant time
owing to the obstinach of. the Hun. Haspres, was divided between tho opposing
fürces for some time and the seven hundred inhabitants süffered from the German artillery. Thiant, south-east, of
Denain, was in a similär predicament
until the enemy was forced to fall back.
We cleared tse last of the machine-gunners out ofthe houses yesterday and
relcased che inhabitants from their
cellars.
Feeding Civilians.
The problem of. cariug for the large
civilian population left in the wake of
the.retreating German army is#a serious
one. At Saint-Amand, over fifteen hundred French people are suffering from
Spanish influenza'' and cännot be
moved. Last night the town was bombarded with gas shells and anumber of
thé invalids was gassed in the cellars.
In one narrow British sector 42,000
eivilians must be fed. The population of
Denain is for the moment entirely dependent on the troops for sustenance.
These. people arc completelg destitute
and many of#them without sufficient
clothing. They endured great privations
during the final days of the German cecupätion and until the arrival of the
Britisharm)
Between Tourpai and Valenciennes
the bank of-the Scheldt has been reached
at' several points: I hear that there is
very littlé change in'the. Flanders front.
The enemy is showing great activity
along the line of the Scheldt-and-he is
still endeavoring to establish a defensive line on'the high ground east 5
the river.