Not only in Faris has every effort
been made to give the American boys a
full Christmas week such as they have
at liome but in every village in France
where an American soldier or sailor
çould be found Merry Christmag'’ has
been carried out with real feeling. Reports are coming in from all the big
American hospitals in Central France
of the Christmas festivities.
At Allerey, which is one of the big
American hospital centres, the Christmas spirit reigned supreme and the
15,000 wounded soldiers almost forgot
that they had been making a desperate
effortto regain their strength with the
hope of being able to reach home by
Christmas.
Allerey is a little city of American
hespitals built off from the beaten track
making it appear a most dreary and
desolate spot, but the hospitals are so
well organized and the wounded soldiers so well cared for that the location
makes little difference. The camp comprises seven hospitals with an average
of 1,200 beds each in wooden barracks
which have been built by the Anfericans
Upon approaching it one zees a. vast
expanse of these barracks all of uniform
size with the same outlook of more
barracks.
we months agé Allerey was the largest hospital in the world but kas recently been exceeded in the number of beds
by the hospitals at Mars and Tesves.
The number of wounded admitted from
April when the camp was first organisedto November was 30,650. The most
that it has cared for at the time has
been 20,000, which was ten per cent.
of all the beds in Francs and one-sixt
of all beds except in the field hospitals.
Colonel Ford, the commanding offioer, told a Hraann correspondent that
the death rate had been exceptionally
low and that diphtherih had been the
greatest problem to solve, but they had
kept it from spreading and he felt that
it had been well handled. The American
prisoners who have been released from.
Germany have been held in quarantine
in Allerey on account of diphtheria, but
they are being sent on gradually now.
A great many of the cases of flu werc
sent to Allerey from the front. On November 5, the high water mark was
reached with 1,002 cases.