TTROM THE HIERAED'S OORRESPONDENf.)
LorboN, Wednesday.—Alarm at the
proportions the influenza epidemic is
taking is, Gaüsing a goneral demand to
Semade upon oflicials to take necessary
steps torstop afürther, spread of the
plägue. There appears to be no letup
in therepidemic. that has seized the
cquntry. London, however, seems to be
he.- most affected, especially, among its
Püblié'servants.
A great-many. members ofthe Metröpolitän Police Forcé'are among the
viötims. The London Fire Brigade also
has ahigh number of its members affected: The Post-office has escaped betterthan the others, but one or two of
the departments are handicapped
Telephone messages arebeing sent under dificulty due-to the number of girls
confined to their home by the plaguc.
Sixty-one persons were stricken on the
stréets and reinoved to hospitals. The
discase is taxing thie capacity of all the
London hospitals by its demands. At
the same time it is claiming vietims
among the workers.
One-tonth of the total- nursing staff
in the London Hospital ig suffering from
influenza, Many girls from the clerica
staffs,of the various hospitals are being
pressed into service for light ward duty
to offset the. greatiz; depleted nursing
aris.
All hospitals are providing extra beds
and still mäng of the overflew cases have
to be treated in the out-patient departments. Suggestions arg being made to
turn orer t4.6 greater portion of surgical
wards, for She reception of influenza sufferers.
Institutions contribute flie greater
numßer of rictims, but. the richare also
affected. Doctors äre greatly overtaxed
by the extra demands made upon their
professional serrices. Many of them do
not find time for. meals between early
inorning and late at night
The Dean of St. Darid’s is seriousir
ill from the plague. Captain Geörge
Philipps, Weish Guards, son of Sir
Charles and Lady Philips, has postponed lis marriage to Baroness de Rutzen, owing to an nttack of influenza.
Among the deaths reported are chose
of Captain William J. Parsons, King's