SPECIAL TELEGRAM. 10 THE HERALD.)
Losnos Thürsday.—A cablegram from
New. Vorksays thata glançe at the
American bewspapers, shows- bow' severe
che- influenza epidemic has beén on che
other side of the Atlantic. Up to October.6 New England, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Chio and -Illinois were the regions. chiefly affected, thonghthe effects
of the disease, were shown.as far west as
Omahsand asfanrsouthdas Fort Bliss,
Texas. -Schools, #theatres and saldons
have been clösed, and püblic gatherings
of all kinds prohibited.
This dction follewed tlie advice of
Surgeon - General Blue, of the Püblic
Health Service in Washington. Dr. Blue
said that in his opinion the only way te
meet the epidemic was for the authorities in infected localities to closeall
public gatherings and assembly-places.
In New. Vork bours of business. and
recreation have heen set by Dr. Royal
Copeland, the Health Commissionsr.
These are designed to avoid overcrowd.
ing. They show that in America tho
health authorities are very vigilant and
rendy to proceed to measures of- the
most drastic kind if need be.
Tha question of avaceine has engaged attention, and Dr. Doty, former
health officer-of  the port, is reportedin
the New. YorkTimes'“ as saying!—
From various sections of the country reports are made that a vaccine has
been discovered for the prevention of infiuenza. Until the value of such an agent
has been fullg determined by careful and
Oxhaustive investigatiön, which will not
be completed during the present epidemic, it would, for various reasons,
seem unwise and improper to reccmmend it for general use.?
Dr. Doty also insists on the sanitary
aspect of the question, and declares
that:—Duringan official visit#to Russig some years ago I found inthe overcronding, poverty, and dirt a very satisfactory explanationwhy the epidemic of
influenza in certain sections of that
country involved over 75 per cent. of
the population. Therefore,  the importance of good, sanitary-conditions as-preventive measures is evident.?