Influenza is not, as had hoen said, a
new disesse. It appeared in Europe at
the commencement of the fifteenth century, andl wo have records of scveral
hundreds öf epidlemies since that epoch:
In France the most important were those
of 1803, 1833, 1837 and that of 1889.
All tliese epidemies presented practically
ibe same charscteristies. Inlluenza, or
grippe, is an infectioug disease, but
ther exach identity of the mierobe which
produces it has not yet bcen established.
Some authorities ahtribute is to tho
Pfeiffer cocco-bacillus, others to the
streptococcus; recently the spirecheeta
has been incriminated,
Very probably it is due to neither of
them, but to a specifie mierobe which
passes. through the densest filters and is
Invisible under the microscope. The
lther microbes mentioned may merely
interveue 1o create complicatichs.
Generally, infiuenza starts suddenly
with shivering, painful fehrile lassitude
uind violent headache; the feverishness
rises rapidly to a high degree, which may
aitain 40.ödeg. Cent. Sometimes this
fever is accompanied by delirium. When
the malady is definitely manifested the
same symptoms occur with invariable
reddening of the skin, the headache increases, the patients dread noise and
light; all their muscular masses become
painful; their tongues are covered with
an opaline slime, their thirst is quenchless and their appetite nil.
In somo instances bleeding from the
nose is observed. Almost always the
urine contains albumine, but in a modcrate qusntity. The spleen often increnses in volume.
The. illness lasts from four to eight
days. Its decline is progressive and is
generally preceded by profuse perspiration, sometimes also by dangerous diarrheea or of the appearence of herpes on
ihe lips. The period of convaiescence
may be very lengthy. Even in so-called
simple forms of influenza the patients
remain a relatively long time in a condition of asthenia, or debility, characterized by intellectual, moral and physical
weakness.
Of tho various forms of the malady,
the most common is that described abore.
The uervous form may causs troubles in
the membranes of the brain or of the
spinal cord; the gastro-intestinal form
may be accompanied by complications of
a. dysenteric natifre; the gravest of all
is the thoracic form, which causes either
scute bronchitis or else broncho-pncu¬