Vital statisties published by the Paris
Aunicipal anthorities, sorthe. fortythird weck ofthergear, October. 20  to
26, show a Considerable incréase in the
number of deathsthat occurred in the
capital during that period as a result
of thei epidemichof grippe that is now
raging. The deaths: total- 2,666 as
against 1,944 during tEeprevious week,
While thel average forthe season as
sliown, byrmnodicalrecords is 721;
In#the cityofParis the-total number
of deaths recorded-last week was the
largestereceived.isince tho. beginning of
tho epidemig, althongh che number of
cases cntering the-warioüs-hospitals remained morè. ör. less stationarg.-Onthe
other Bänd; figurés forithe beginning of
this- weck showa decline. M. Autrand,
the-Pröféet offthe-Seine, gesterday sent
to therfiftietfi commission, of#the-Municipal Ceuneil informationwhich teids
to#sliom that the epidemic hus abated
during theflast forty-eight. hours.
Reports on#the-Condition ,of the epidemic, outside of Parisand in thervariods Departments öf the country-vary
somershowilig ais increäse and others a
decrease in'thehfmberofcases.
Tovros.iceädmiral. Lacase. has
ordained that in all churches, chapels,
temples, etc., a choröugh disinfection be
made. Hotel proprietors, restaurant
keepers and bar owners are instrücted
to clean thoroughly their establishments
with. antisoptic sübstances.
GRENOBLE.—As a result of the large
number of deaths recorded in this town
byreason of the grippe epidemic, and
thie apparent lack of necessary precautions against same, the Departmental
Councikof-Hygienerhas decidedto hold
an inquest: Tho closing of all public
halls, theatres and places of amusement
has been ördered until further notice.
TourorsE.—The mayor“has suspended
all füneral procéssions andordered that
tho bodiesbestransported directly to the
cemeteries, wirere friends and relatives
öf the deceased mäy meet forthe burial
serwvices.
ANgEor.—Although tho epidemic here
hassliown a#tendency to decréase,
nevertheless the'severity öf the precauiotärumeäres, ordering a.dally disinfeétion ofäll public mecting places,
hasnôtsläckened to any, degrec.
An:Oid Remedy.
Gripperis byno meansia néw disease.
Dr. Gaullieur IHardy calls attention in
therLiberté“. to an articleby Professor Robert Odier in the Journal de
Genère,'fecalling theterribleepidemie
of 1795. which affected more than 50,000
people in thé city of Liverpool alone, It
did-not disappear until after theapplication, hy Louis Odier, of therprinciple
diséovered by#the learned French chemist, Guston de Morau;the exposure -to
nitrouscid fumes. Thereafter the discoreif. Waused, with. astonishing sucgess: inhöspitals, prisens and on board
shipst The-anventor of this method of
disinfection, in order to obtain the salutary vapors, sipply poured“ sulphuric
aéid-on searsalt
Dri“ Odier goesontosay,that, in
laberatoriés andfaétories, where the
workers are cohstantly, exposed to vapors of nitric, nitrous and hydrochlorie
acids, there was not a single case of
gripbé.“ Héistates that following unmerous observations and fests, rooms
an1 halls- could be fumigated without
anfincönvenience, hatsoever, to the
inhabitints, and, furthermore, that it
Jeit the Rir,“gärments and, surroundings
in. a perféct staterof cleauliness, and
that. Soue inicht' approach, the patients
Wütthe slightest'risk of infection.