(SPECIAL TELEGRAM TO THE HERALD.)
A Ponr i FaANon, Saturday.—Here
in this port, never beforer written about
in the HEnärn since the war, so far as
hospitals are çoncerned, the situation is
one of remarkable organization.
Here, in this district, — this town
anda town near(by —, there is hospital
accommodation for about 26,000 patients.
Base. Hospital No. 38 represents the
Philadelphia Jefferson unit, and the
medigal staff is under Colonel J. S.
Lambie of Jefferson Medical School.
There are over#thirty döctors in this
hospital, anditheir services are distributed among 300 patients, which means
that this contingent gets mighty. good
care. However, thereris room for 3,000
patients, while in times of pressure
3,000 more can be accommodated, Added
to this there#is a conyalescent camp
for.2,000 men, which brings up the total
to 8,000.
In the same town is Base Hospital
No: 34; gver which Colonel Devoe presides. The colonel is from the University
of Pennsylvania. This hospital resemblee
theiAAmerican: Hospital at Neuilly, inasmuch asitrisa new seminary taken over
for sther AAmerican, wolinded. Everything
hereuis:spickand, span. It was opened
in January, Butrpätients did not como
until threermonths afterward. The colonelsthinks. it more suitable for hospital
purposes than most places taken over for
therarmg. He says#the entire building,
withrannexes, is wonderfully well ärranged, and-süch details as the sewage
arenofthe best modern arrangements.
There is accommodation hère for 1,300
patients. Most öf the medical staff of
eighteen doctors come from- Philadelphia; being connected with the Episcopal. Haspital there. It is ageneral hospital and not liinited to special cases.
Kind French-Townfolk.
The cölonel issenthusiastic about the
waykind-hearted people of the town help
in every way-possible to distract the
woundedmen. They organize concerts
and get artists from Paris. The patients
sit out under the trees and listen to che
music, thoroughly enjoy themselves, and
they are very appreciative of the efforts
maderhy thie French people. Colonel
Devoeisays:The feeling here between
ourfarmy men and the townspeople is
veryfiné. The inhahitants are perfectly
delightful and helpeus in many ways.
I asked him if he had anytrouble
withithe influenza wave.es, indeed,
was the reply.We had 100of our personneldown with it. Happily there
were no complications, and in ihree or
fonr days we were: all wellagain. Tlie
flu'#isan awkward thing to combat in
a höspital when it attacks the doctors
and nurses. It was. lucky, that we got
off. so easy.
At a place near here is another hospital, getting into, shape. It. will accommodate from 12,000 to 15,000 patients.
Thensthere is another enormous hospital
in anradjoining town where patients are
réceived frem'the ürst-mentioned hospitals. If theso wöundedimnen are found
tobe incurable er if theichances are that,
they will not be of use ät the front again,
tliéy aré.sent back home to America
It’will be seen that thel enormous hopital.accömmodation for American trootps
in France is very ingenious. As wounlledmen come from the front they mhy
pass. through quite a number of hospitals, Thov go gradually from the front
toward one of the hospital ports, where
ther accommodation is very great. The
nearer they get-to the sen the beiter
theyarerlikely to. become, so that they
von arerable to return to the front
ägain, or, iftheyshow no prospert of
Güicktrecovery; theyfare sent, back hhme.
Askedwhat was the Drincipal iliness
that bur men were subject to in this distriet, a medicalofficer told me:The
Americans—at any rate, those whom I
have had to deal with—are subfect to
bronchial affections in this climate.“