tion of the part ofsthe-programme which
deals with the organization of an Infernational Council and Bureau of Hygiene and Püblic-Health which will consider, work to be undertaken in connection with the prevention of epidemic
disease, tuberculos.s, venereal disease
and child welfare.“ The specialists who
will attend aretke recognized authorities on these subjects.
As a result of these conferences a
cömplete programme will be made which
will deal with the latest and best means
to reiieve suffering and to combat disease. This programme will be submitted
at a. conferenee of all Red Cross Societies
to be held in Geneva thirty days after
peace is declared. The official call for
this later couference was issued on February13 by##the International Red
Cross. at.Geneva
Headquarters at Cannes.
Announcement of the formation of the
Committee“ of Red. Cross Societies was
made in Paris about three weeks ago.
It. has“established headquarters at
Cannes with administrative hendquarters
at 2 place de Riyoli, Paris. The committee is composed of representatires 0
the Red Cross societies of. France, Great
Britain, Italy, Japan and the United
States, with -Mr. Heury. P. Davison, formerly chairman ofthe War Council of
the.,American-RedGross,as chairman.
Basedonsthe' necessity of united effort
to relieve tlie general suffering following
uponithe war, the plan is to extend and
enlarge for the times of peace the
activities: of Red Cross societies which
proved tobe of such widespread usefulness, during the hostilities
Through the medium ofta central organization the latest discoreries and experience of science and. practice which
may tend to the relief or prerentionof
disease and suffering will'oe made knoyn
tothe people of#the various nations
through their respective Red Cross societies. There will be the stimulation
ofeffort in relieving distress and the
promotion among the- peoples of. tho
world of. the spirit of common interest
in the general welfare of humanity.
For Health and Happiness.
Therobject.of. the scheme iscto derelöp
a new fraternityand sympathy anong
the peoples: As the League of Nations
aims at holding all peoples together in
an effort toaroid war.and to insure
freedom, this Leaguerof Red Cross Societies aims atdevising a procedure
whereby all peoples may coroperateractively in promotingstheshealth and happiness of.-oneransther.
President:Wilsen, M. Clémenceau, Mr.
Llöyd George, Signor Orlando; Bärone
Sonninlo and otherröpresentatires of the
principel-Goverumentshave expressed
their officialappröval oftheiplam.
The Cannes Conference of Puhlic
Healthiexperts-wEl be. followed by other
conferences, with the object of formulat-
ing, forsubmission to the meeting in
Genevaya programme for the extendec
and'increasod.-actirities. in peace times
offthe Red Cross societies of the world.