Allies.“
Grain in Plenty.
According to Major Ryden, the
Ukrainians say that they have had the
largestrgrain crop in the memory of
tho oldest inhabitant. Therc is plenty
of sugar and other foodstuffs, and a
wonderfulsupply of raw matérial,
especially raw hides and pure. alcohol.
The bolshevists last June robbed the
cofniryöf dts“available agricnltura
mnachinery,glassware, metal fittings
and household furnishings.
The greatest need is for medicine
and salt. and unless the latter is supplied in large quantities at once the
death rate will. be chormous this
winter, as already there are signs of
an epidemic of scurvy and its attendant diseases, added Major Ryden
Sanitary conditions,“ he continued
WVare appalling. Typhus is found everyWhere. Five per cent. of the population of Odessa have been victims of ihe
disease, thousands of soldiers are lying
In.hospitals without attention, and
villages have been decimated by tlie
scourge shich has followed in the footsteps of thefarmies during the past five
Fears.
There are no medicines available
Anyone with a smäll racket of ordihary quinine salts would have nordifti
Gulty in exchanging it for diamonds.
Not even' the cheapest fornis of disinfecting apparatus are.to be foundianvWhère, so there#are no means of avoiding typhus and cholera. All social relief has broken down, and in the orphanages I have seen children witlrout
shoes or stockings. Factories have
closed down and Odessa is like a dead
eity, without sigus of commercia
1116.5
Bolshevist Propaganda.
Regärding the tendency toward holshevism in the Odessa district, Major
Ryden declared that there is a comparatively small section of the population constantly at work spreading the
doctrine, and while the work has not
been very successful its operation is
sübtle
In# the Ukräine there exists an element which strikes a happy medium
betweensthe ideals of Denikin and
thosé of Petlura, and which would be
able. to mobilise the peasants who have
6aused Denikin so much trouble. This
class, however, ös opposed to Soviet
goyernment, and it is doubtful,whether there will be any amalgamation
Tor the Ukrainians are mainly small,
independent landholders