According to the report, the following factors are fundamental: (1) Dispensaries on an adequate scale furnished
with laboratories and with specially
trained visiting nurses, who shall carrg
into the homes of patients the necessary
care. instruction and advice: (2) careful,
regular inspection of school chikdren;
(3) hospital treatment for adlrancec
cases; (4) sanatorium facilities, and (5)
popular edncation regarding tuberculosis
The report says:Tubersülosis is inextricablj assccisted with. the general
living and working conditions of the
peopfe. We recomniend the encouragement of. all legitimate efforts directed
toward the improrement, of these conditions. We regard as of particular importance in this connection the care of
children, the problem of housing, nutrition and alcoholism. We recommend
the institution of appropriate measures
to prevent the transmission of tubercillosis through infected milk. We approve of the establisliment of open-air
schools for ihe accommodation of children and the extension of the open-air
System io practicaliy all places where
people are segregated, such as barracks,
asylums and orphanages.
The report warns the public in regarc
Sto the grare risk to which tuberculosis
patients are exposed through the exploitation of alleged cures without scientific authority
77
The Committee on Tuberculosis consists of the following: Professor Calmette (chairman); Drs. Berua#d, Rist
and Courmont, representing Frauce;
Drs. Biggs. Bakdlwin, Farrand, Williams,
Gawvin and White, Un'ted States; Sir
Robert Philip, Sir Arthur Neushome,
Sir John Lumsden and Dr. Menzies,
Great Britain; Professors Marchiafara
and Maragliano and Drs. Baduel and
Foli, Italg, and Dr. Kabeshima, Japan.
Appeal for Aid.
The possibilities which may follow
upon the organization of the international Red Cross league were suggested
here gesterday, when a ftélegram was
read to ihe congress from a Red Cross
organization telling of the need of concerted action in fighting trphus ferer
in Eastern Poland, Russia, Serbia and
Macedonia
Reports from Red Cross agents and
local authorities sag there are. 100,000
cases of typhus in thie prorinces of.
Lublin and Volhrnia and 75,000 in the
district north of the Black Sea
This telegram was rend just at the
moment #hen the scientisfs were concluding their recommendations for the
establishment of an international Red
Cross organization, with a central bureau of health. All other business öf the
conference was suspended at once to
cnable the scientists to suggest to the
Red Cross the best method of combating
the typhus epidemic and checking the
spread of the plague.