(SPECTAL TELEGRAM! TO THIETHERALD.)
LompoN, Wednesday.—Loüdonisexperiéncing an alarming epidemic of
crime and ousthat, scoms to bo, on the
increase. Hardiy a night.passeswithout sevoral burglariés, botheinthe business und#n therresidential-sections.
ho, bolduess öf thesthieres, is simpiy
astounding. Not onlyare homés and
waréhousesbroken. into by stealthy footpads under cover of.sthe. darkuess and
siloncenofthe night, but daring röbberies in breadidaylightraré becoming
frequent.
Thetheft, of## motor-car, #hich,was.
actually.stölentrom. under tho noses Of
the PPolice -whilerwäiting unattended outside' Scotland: Tardz#figured in ascharge
at London: Sessjöns Fösteidäy. Sevon
goung men were in“ the“ döck f charged
with. conspiragy tostoal and“ redérve
mötor-cars belonging to##the Admiralty,
Mr.-andley-Pagerand othors:All. were
found guilty, but. sentencegas postponed. Oheroftheacensed,Albert
King, a motor-, mechauie, 23.gears rold,
säid'lie“ had heen in hoth#thor-Nprés
batties-undiaster- heing, wounded beraine
chauffeur-to' the. Dukorof.: Wéstminsten,
whom hieägcompaniedimthe famóus
däshraéross tlie desertrin armored cars
t6rescue##'smäll-Egyptian gatrison. He
subsequentlygeceireda, commission in
the“6th. Middlesex. Regiment,
The motor-sar, indeed, scams to havo
conspieuous placé. in stho roperätions of
the thieves who rare-keeping: London's
police onsthe junip andsoften haffling
them. Iu another-robberFeelrgeat.ihe
Tharses. Police Court, Julius. Khan,
Lewis Colien, David: Lubninsky, Marks
Lubrinsky and George Potts#erd nceused, ofstealing and. receiringveleven
wooden enses contajning, 600 dozen paifs
of gloves.and#a. qüantitgot metal-ware
valuech at .5686, the propertyrof Messrs.
T. M. Fairclough, carriers. Potts-admittedldrivingaway. thorvan containing
the. löot.
No fewer thau-930 postal orders, waliie
3220 18s., were found at#thor home“ of
Charles-. Komp, seventy-threesgears old,
in Upper Märglehoue, and be. was renianded ona chargeroflbeing concerned
in tho.daring röbbery ofmsafercontgin“
ing Gver l000 in moncyand postal
ordrers.Fromsthe. Albang Road. post-oflico
in Camberwell.
Alfred Bott, s##ndofescvonteon, mas.
cäught at the. door ofa ginsmitr's
shop: in Church; passage, Bishopsgate.
He. hada hammer, #chisel, sereu#driver,