Misfortunes nerer comé singly, and
it is not surprising that with anticipations of a Paris flood should come
fears of a recurrence of the influenza
epidemic, which
caused such worldwide ravages in 1918. Happily, the
best opinion in the medical profession is rather reassuring on this point,
and goes to indicate that there is little reason forapprehension. Siich
cases as have niade their appearauce
in Paris during the last, few, days
prove to be 6f. a mild and comparatively harmless form of#the disease,
and not of the cpidemie varietz
Atithe Lariboisière: Hospital the
head physician ofreach ward is obligech
to declare erery case of influenza clearIy characterised as such coming under
his care. In the last three days only
two such cases have been notified
And these twro cases were not of the.
infectious variety
No Recurrence of. Epidemic.
At# sthe Public. Health Servicé
nothing, it is declared, is known of
n recrudescence of,the dread epidemie.
At the Bureau of. Municipal Statistics
it was found that grippe was Tecorded in only sefen cases as among
the causes of death in Paris during
therlast weck of December. These
figures are hardly portentous in view
of ine fact that in the first week of
January, 1919, there were 142 deatks
from-grippe., While it is wise to be
carelul, there is no reason for anxiety.
The viers and warnings expressed
during the last Sware“. are again
being giren. At the Pasteur Institute
a promjuent professor said: In itself
grippe is not serious. It only.becomes
so When followed br pulmonary compliçations that are likely to derélop
in its later stages.
The. prephylaxis, or preventive
treatment, is simple: Avoid-all promischous exposure liable. to increase
the virus wlich may hare found lodg
ment. The therapeutic of the disease
is more complicäted.
Ve need not-be surprised by the
frequeney of dases of grippe at this
time. They aredue simply to conditions of temperature. The infectious
agents are not external to us. The
bacteria die rapidly. And the best disinfection is pienty of fresh air and sun
licht. the ultra-red and ultra-violet
rays of hich aresincomparable sauftary agents.