At a time when the epidemic of
business is transforming some of the
most ancient hostelries in Paris into
commercial houses it is pleasant to
note that one of the oldest and most
famous, the Hotel du Rhin, in the
place Vendöme, has just reopened. its
doors. It is owing to the initiative
of a Frenchman that it has been conserved in its charming originalit.
while being enlarged and remodelled.
The hotel occupies Nos. 4 and 6 of
the famous square erected by order
of Louis XIV., who instructed Mansart to draw up plans by which 1
should be octagonal in shape with uniform buildings. The place'' was
opened on the site of the residence o
the Duc de Vendöme, grandson of the
first duke, who was the son of Henri
IV. and Gabrielle d'Estrées. Part o
the ground occupied by the Couvent
des Capucines was also used by the
architect. Louis XIV., of whom a
statue was erected in the centre of the
Splace'' in 1699, gave over the buildings as residences to his farmersgeneral, and Nos. 4 and 6 were occupied by Aubert, one of the chief tax
controllers of the King. It afterwards
became the home of the politician Le
Peletier de Saint-Fargeau and his
daughier, Princesse de Chimay, known
at Court as“La Dame de Volupté.'
The nephew of the princess was the
Revolution hero, Le Peletier de SaintFargeau, who, after voting in favor
of the execution of. Louis XVI., was
assassinated by Päris, a Royal Guard
at the Palais Royal. His bloodchvered body was laid naked in the
place Vendöme, where Louis XIV.'s
statue had been thrown down. Followed by a huge crowd the body was
then conveyed to the Panthéon.
The place Vendöme has retained its
original aspect, except that the statue
of the“Roi Soleil'' kas been replaced
by Napoleqn’s Grand Army column—
which continues popularly, but incorrectly, to be called the Vendöme
column. One corner of the square
narrowly escaped total destruction
during the war by. a Gotha bomb,
which did considerable damage.
From the early days of its existence
to the time it was closed as a result
of the war the Hotel du Rhin shelterec
at various timnes most of the crowned
heads of Europe as well as a long list
of celebrities. In the earlv ’sixties
Prince Louis Napoleon lived in what
are now rooms 8, 9 and 10, and his
furniture is still kent in these rooms,
just as it was the day he left. King
Albert of the Belgians stopped there
before the war; and John Jacob Astor
made his domicile at the hotel, as did
Count Potocki and many others. Even
the Tron Chancellor of Germany lived
under its roof at one time. Probably
there evolved some of the plans which
in after Fears burned out in a way
that Bismarck did not foresee