 —
C.RDINAT. AMETTE DEAD
Br the death of Cardinal Amette, Archbishop of Paris, which occurred eariy gesterdag mörning al Antonz (Seine), at the age
of sevenig gears, France loses an cminent
prelate und a. pätriotie# son. The Cardinal,
who was making his annual spirituni exercises at tlie Convent of Saint-Jusephi-de-Cjung
at Antony, was quile well until Salurdaz'
night, whrn he felt a#slight indisposition,
Which was allributed lo ihe eifecis of
recent altack of influenza. Not realising the
grarity of his iliness, the Cardinal retired
to bed, remarking that next dur would be
cariy- enaugh to call in n doctor. Testerda)
moraing, however, he passed awag suddenlz
#hout six o’cleck. Cardinal Amette was born
a1 Danville (Eurc) on September 6, 1830
He completed his ecclesiastical studies al
Evreux, near his native place, aind laler 2l
the Seminarg of - Saint-Sulpice, in Paris.
Ordnined priest in 1873, he was appointen
suiccessively Vienr oi the cathedrat at Erreux,
private sccretarg ol the Bishop of Erreus
anef finallz titular canoh and Vicar-Genera
of the diecese. On. January 25. 1800, he was
consecrated Bishop of Baxeux, which diocese
he left sdven yèurs later, to the great grie
oi his flock; ta become co-adjuior 10 Cardinal Richard, Archbishop of Paris, under
the tille of Archbishop ol Sida. On January
28, 1008, he succcederl Cardlinal Richard,
and at the Consistory heldl on Norember 27
1#11, hie was creäted by Pope Piux X., Curdinal-Priest of ihe Church of Santa-Sabina
The late Gardinal was the guide of the
Church in France during n dissieult period
when the relations between Church und
State were not of the liappiest. lie perlorinetl liis lask, howeter, wilh such tact
and stich a broad spirit, that, while insist-
ing on the:spiritual rights of ihe Church: he
won the respect and eren the love of those
who had no sympäthg for that inslitution.
During the war, more especiallx, Cardina
Amette fullv rose to the responsibilitz atlnching to his office as ihc director of urvast
moral force in his strieken coumrr. So
succésslul was he in guiding thal force in
lhe path ihnt was to lend to rictorg Umt
10dar he leares ihe Church orer which he
ruled as Primste, in more cordial relations
with the State than it has erer been unde
the Third Republic.
NEW HONOR FOR GENERAL: METG.IND.
Gencral Wergand had arlong interview
gesterdar morning with MI. André Leièrre,
Minister of War, during which ihe general
gare in account öfhis mission in P’oland.
M. Leférre infornied him that the Giernient Innd raisei him te the rank of Grand
Officer al ihe Legien ol fionor, in recogni
tion for his eminent services. In the afterncon General Wergand called on M. Millerand, ihe Premier, at his villa at Versailles.