About a year ago, a law wasadopted
in France requiring every urban community of ten thousand inhabitants or
mors to establish within three years
such plans as to thé municipalities
secmed wise for improvement, embellishment and extension.: The object of
che law, of course, was to follow-in the
wake of' the city-planning movement
Which is already accomplishing remarkably beneficent results in England and-America. All are 'agreed on
the necessity of bringing abeut somné
degree of order in the matter of the
ash-heaps which Tcivie progress'
causes to acchmulate on the outskirts
of cur cities, so that the approaches
mnay take the semblance of some approach to beauty and attractiveness.
Similarly, there is general recognition of the necessity of enlarging and
extending streéts for better communication between the various points in
the city and of creating parks and
open späces, in a word, of ameliorating the conditions crcated by the piling up of thousands and hundreds of
thousands of human beings- to stifle
withinthe limits of a few square
miles.“ For such improvements there
äre impelling reasons'on therscore of
heaith, as on that of esthetics. It has
been well said, for instance, that gardens planted with trees and other open
spaces are the lungs of'all great cities
Unfortunately, it. appears that
those primary and essential objects of
the new Freuch law are overlooked in
certain, plans and projects presented
tor the Paris municipality. To judge
by the explanations and illustrations
exhibited in the Palmarium of the
Bois du Boulogne, the.
ingenious authors proposeto destroyone of the most
beautiful civic perspectives in the
world by erecting a bridge across the
Tuileries Gardens beiween the Seine
and the rue Castiglione
Another
of these plans proposes to build on the
site of the fortifications now being removed and facing the Bois de Boulogne
a number of twelve-storey buildings.
Such structures, plainly, would in
short order become the breeding place
of tuberculosis and other epidemic diseases, besides presenting an impassable
barrier to the passageover Paris of
the slightest breeze from the city’s
great breathing space.
Such so-called improvements would
appear“ to' be far from complying with
the main object of a measure intendec
to improve. thie health and beauty of
the capital. But there is, fortunately,
small chance of their being accepted.