Paris has“plaiditis' as far as
fashions are concerned, and tliere seems
to. be absolutely no cure-for it. In a
milder form it might be called “stripitis.“ Women have been checkered
and striped for the last two years, and
still the. fabric makers say that more
of such designs are to come with thc
autumn. Thei epidemic is apparently
not pechliar to Paris alone, for Neu
Vork seems to have had the disease in
a more violent form, and will, therefore, be the first to recover
While the French weavers decided to
perfect, the plaids and stripes by inaking them appear einbroidered and
beaded on the fabric. the American
manufacturers turned threm ont in such
millions that they hare grown common.
The result will be that American women, wlio have been prevented from
coming'to France for the. last'six Fears
to choose their own dresses, will become
ill at the sight of anything that locks
like checks or'stripes, as they have only
recently gotrid of the Splaiditis“
germ.
The Scotch plaids came in with a
whoop about two Fears ago, after the
little Parisienne had been hobnobbing
with the Highlanders und decided
she. liked their kilts, so it will
not be surprising if “plaiditis'
stays, with us in this part of
the world for yet another year. The
Scotch featüre“ of the plaids, however,
seeins to have worn off to some extent,
and they have become daring designs
in tremendous squares. The five-inch
squares, even in any Combination so
striking as black and white, seem tame
now. Capes and coats and' even whole
tailored costumes are made of checkered fabrics. with the checks measuring
a foot'square. In fact, the checksare
so liuge in the newest. materials#that
some of the mantles have somcthing of
a lialf-and-half effect, with one square
of one color displayed in front, while
thie next square of a contrasting color
covers the back, suggesting“gol' and
'stop’' street-sign. effect
The fact that plaids have groun so
huge in their design might be responsible for tlie pleated skirts that have
gröwn'so modish, for the-dressmakers
have evidently decided that the only
way to hold the checks within bounds
is to pleat them, thus making them
about oner half their original size.
One of the smartest costumes at the
faces a few days ago had a bläck and