M. Paul Deschanel, the French President,
icho leit Paris by special train from the Gare
Sunday night to unveil
sie Lyon at 9.3
ihe momumient set up at Montbrison (Loire)
i memory ol the aviator, Scnator Reymond,
ccident during the night that
wet with
scrious consequences.
The
nicht hare had
Presitient seil from the train on torthe railnzd embankment, but sustained only stight
ijuries, and was able to return 1o Paris. last
gight by automobile
Among the party in ihe Presidential train
gere M. Stecg, Minister of the Interior; M.
p. E. Flandin, Under-Secretary for Aeronauties; General Pénclon and several Senators
ind Deputies. The President, who was suflering from a slighit attack ol influenza, retred to his slecping. compartment at abont
ien o'chck when the train had passed lhe
Taris suburhs. The compartment, which was
rot much more than two Fards schare, contained no othier furniture than a small bed
and an arnichair. Ifs two windows were
flosed to prevent draughts. The President's
vaiet had received orders not to awaken him
mffl ihe train, reached Roanne in the
morning.
Uuable to Sleep.
During the night ihe President, although
je had felt very drowsy, was unable lo sicep,
und after a time“ he found that the air in the
Hutle compartment was intolcrably close and
opfressive. He rang for his valet to open
he windows, but as hie did not appear immeMately, M. Deschanel got up and went to the
seerer one to open it himself. The window
ansisted of two sashes, the upper one fixed
zn the lower falling into a slot, leaving an
Gening measuring zlt. Sin. by ift. Sin.
Spparently the window sash was very ditficult to move and the President had to
meke a great effort to open it. Probably
eercome by the sudden inrush of cold air
end perhaps by the rocking of the train
atche moment the window fell, he lost his
lalnce and fell oüt. Nobody was awarc
Wüe accident, and thie train went on as il
Fuing had happened, the occupants dislting that the President was missing
#whien it Stopped at Roanne at about
o'clock in the morning.
lhe President fell out of the train about
ien minutes before midnight at alonely
part ot the line nearly eight nüles from
Montargis and seventy miles Irom Paris.
Fortunately ihe train was not travelling at
full spced, as the driver had. reccived instruclions to go slowly in order not to reach
Roanne too scon and thus to give M. Deschanel time for a long slecp. The spced
was probably not more, than 2s miles an
haur at the time of the accident.
Another fortünate circumstance to which
he President perhaps owes his lise was
hat there was a great deal of light sand
alung that part of the linc. He lell very
heavily, but although much bruised did not
ise consciousness. Alter lying beside the
ine for somie minutes the President redrered from the shock sufficiently to be
sure that he was not severely injured. He
chen stood up, and moving away from the
fails began to walk along the line.
Walking Along Track.
M. Deschanel, who was in his pyjamas,
#n walked for more than a mile, says the
Iatin,“ when he met a platclayer. The
scht ol a man, clad only in light-colored
jamas, coming suddenly cut ol the darkt8, considerably astonished the workman.
That on carth arc you doing on the linc
sie that??' he asked, and when M. Desdnel replied, “My friend,I am the PresiMol the Republic,' he burst out laughiNind said ironically,Like that! in night
%, walking along thie line in ihc open
sury at Lorcy 1'
it Lorcy?'' qucried the President.“Ves,
aore than seven miles from Montargis.!
bat, what time is it, then?? #It’s ten
minates past midnight.“. I leit Paris last
ngit by special train and have fallen out
G m compartment,“' oxplained M. Deschanel.
And you have broken nothing?'
J0, I am only bruised. I should like vou
#g0 with me to the nearest station, so thät
miy telephone. I assure you that I am
J. Paul Deschanel, President of the Refallie,1
„res, ges, of course, replied the cmployé.
in order not to upsct you, I agrec with
as vou cannot be verz' warm and miust
been shaken up in falling from the
I am going to take you home with
Tou can rest there, and as soon as it
au.
haire
trai
Fdy, we shall sce what to do.
fresident and platclayer then set out foFiher and soon arrived at a grade crossing
A Lorcy station.My wise is the gateEper, explained the employé. Come into
litle home. I will wake my wile and
will take
care ol you and give you someWart
* Deschanel went in and when the gateer appeared he said,Madam, your-husM will not beliere thät I am the Presi„M ol che Republic., 1 have fallen from
train. T'nls
a good iook at me. Ilave
e
seen n photograph of M. Pauf
er
replici thie woman, Sbut you
much like him.?
„is frue I am in prjamas,' answered
resident, Thut that,docs not prevent
om being the Chief of State
the plalelayer then whispered to his wile
#ho then said:es, my good man, you
ihe President of the Republic, but instead
falking like this, come and let me was
Jour hands und face are serafched.