Therumor is current that Paris is
fnced by a new epidemic of grippe.
In realliy, one cannot yet Speak of an
epidemic. The fact is that in the city
chere have been noted isolated centres
of a disease which has all the appearances of grippe; but those
ccntres are
separated by large spaces
in ihich the
discäse is not preralent.
And as these
centres have Gxisted for
aboüt threo
weeks, withoub becoming general,
There.are grounds forthe hope that
the discase will remain localised.
What are the fentures of these centres?
Thefirst cases which appeared preveuted the intestinal form of grippe.
Such cases are ordinarily very serious. They are accompanied by an
abundant diarrhca, requiring frequent. visits to the water-closet, by
rather violent colic und, sometimes,
by the presence of blood in the stools.
A second varicty takes the pulmonar
form. It begins generally by a sore
hroat and arather intense, fever. This
fever
of falling at the end of
chrec or four days, continues; the respiration peomes embarrassed; the expectoration contains blcod, and on
auschlation sigus of broncho-pneumonia are-perceived.
In athirdscase, pulmonary congestion is predominant. It may be rather
intense äud be a great obstacle to the
breathing, so much so indeed that the
lips become blue and ihe face has a
purplish appcaränce. It is these cases
which, falsely interpreted, bave causec
certain incompeteht persons to belicre
that it was a question of plägue.
A. fourth
varicty is accompanied by
heryous troubles, delirium, somnolence,
agitation, stiffness of the back of the
ncck, and symptoms hich
suggest
meningitis:
But sd far the affection has not
shown itself in its very serious forms.
The cases which the doctors hare met
hare remained benign for the most
part. The disease begins by a strong
rise in temperature, which falls at che
ond of threé days, in order to rise
again und return rather rapidly to. a
normal rate, so that the thermal curve
resembles a V.
These are the principal forms of
grippe, but they may be complicated
with pleurisy, pericarditis, nephritis,
urthritis, ctce., Which all superpose
their personally grave Character upon
the fundamental malady. What is almnost commen to all the forms of
grippe is the stowness ol convalescence.
The patients are as exhausted as 
he had suffered a long illness. The
ppetite, like the strength,