were instrümentäl in relleving thousands of
war.;Suiferers. Golonel:Gännsworkin. Macedonid, Whiere his. commission rendered aid
la rocheco Greck reiugees and prisoners of
war returning from captivity in Bulgaria
lollowing the armistiee, has written his
hame large in the annals, of Grecce. If was
under his direction, that. American doctors
and mirses in Greece mnet the graye typhus.
epidemic threatening tlie göuntry in: #tlie
carly summer oforg and elfectually checked
the spresd ol the disgase,
rd ger d
Asprominent feature of the yeoth anniversa of#the“ laging of the corner=stone of
Saljsbury Cathedral, on Thursday was a
serinon deliveredhyDr.“ C. H. BrentsBishop pf. Western: New: Vorlet-Ile begen
with a sew words n“ncknowiediment gf the
Idelicate courtes“ esfended 16 ihe sister.
chulrch in Americgbi“inditing one of her
Bishöps fo preäplsion this historig ocrasion.
Then he“recalléd That Salisbury Cathedral
dedicated t6 St. Matyitho Virgin, was one
of a numeroüs group. öf Cäthedrals and
Cathedralchurchesrbuilt t6 #the Virgin in
England and Frange between the Fears
1129 and. 1270: Tracing isie story of
the Cathedrab: and she eregtion of
its several glories, hé dweltfor a
mament.von tije „samousnanies asspeiated
with the diocese—Osmund. Jolin of Salishury, Richärg Poore, Chichele, Jewel, Burnet,
Bütler, George Herbert, ang Wordsworth, the
ast%a John of. Sulisburv,of later days well
knomn and well.loved in America.
AMERTGANS AT PARIS HOTELS.
Hotel Brighien;. Mir: Huge Adler, ai New
Vork buyer; Miss. Lucille Ewän,pi New
orls, and-Mr, Paul B. Sorensen, a New.
Vork artist.
Hotel Chafhams Nr., A. MscKinlack, of
New Vork, from Florence: Mr. E. E. Hagberst. 9f. Chieäge,-from Lille.
Ratel Contiseniale Mr, Härrick. Glasgow,
Mr. W. A. Brewer, Nr. G. B. Vporhees, Mr
Charies. Inman, Mr. Charles. Englhard and
Nr. Clarenee Mitchell, from New Vork; Nr.
Gatrett Andrews, from. Chattanooga, Tenn.
Nr. Louis Kirstein,, frem. Bostän; M4)
Chairles Steines and Mr. Martimer Lewentrittz from San, Francisgos-Ar. William Ray,
Mr. D. H. Brushy. Mr. Gilbert Alexander and
Mr. David Deans, from Chicägo.
Matel Reging; Mr A. G. Willlams from